Updated intro guide - Issue 1 (#2)
enonic/app-moviedb: docs/index.adoc

    x-data/ <4>
samples/ <5>
gradle.properties <6>
----

<1> The documentation your are reading now
<2> Movie DB content
<3> Content Types schemas are placed in this directory
<4> X-data schemas are placed here
<5> Code samples that will be used in this guide
<6> App settings and name

== Deploy your app

Assuming you did not change the directory name, build and deploy your app with the following commands : 

  cd myproject
  enonic project deploy

Select the `intro` sandbox from the list, and the app will use this from now on.

[NOTE]
====
Look for a line like this in the sandbox log to verify that the app has started:

  2019-04-09 13:40:40,765 INFO ... Application [com.example.myproject] installed successfully
====

== Install Content Studio

https://market.enonic.com/vendors/enonic/content-studio^[Content Studio] is the editorial interface used to create and manage content. It is not a part of the core platform, but as you will see soon, it can easily be installed from https://market.enonic.com^[Enonic Market].

. **Open the sandbox admin**: http://localhost:8080/admin^[http://localhost:8080/admin] and click `Login without a user`. This will bring you to the Dashboard.
+

> . **Install Content Studio** from the top right `XP menu -> Applications -> Install` and find it in the list of apps that appears.

Author: True, maybe use it here rather than on CS. I'll fix it

Follow the steps below to add a `Review` content type to your app.

. *Copy or move the file* `samples/review/review.xml` to `src/main/resources/site/content-types/review/review.xml`.
. *Add an icon* by copying or moving the file `samples/review/review.svg` to the new content type folder as well. This will give your reviews a nice dice icon when seen in Content Studio.
. *Write a review*. Content Studio should pickup the changes immediately. Anywhere in the structure, click `New -> Review` and start writing.
+
image::review.png["Sample Review", width="1024px"]

== Graphql API

The https://market.enonic.com/vendors/enonic/guillotine^[headless API aka Guillotine] - yes, we take headlessness seriously around here - is not part of the core platform. Like Content Studio, it can be installed from Enonic Market.

**Install the Guillotine app** from `XP menu -> Applications -> Install` and find it in the list of apps that appear.

image::install-guillotine.png["Install the Guillotine app", width="845px"]

After installing Guillotine, Content Studio's left hand menu will reveal a new menu item called `Query playground`. Here, you may test and play with the GraphQL API directly.

> image::query-playground.gif["Query Playground in action", width="1024px"]

Author: Will update the guide when new interface is live

+
Similar to a sandbox, this will spin up an instance of Enonic XP, but this time as real server in the cloud.
+
. Once the solution has started, **authenticate the CLI** by running this command:
+
  enonic cloud login
+
After successfully authenticating, install your app using this command:
+
NOTE: You must execute the command from your app folder.
+  
  enonic cloud app install
+ 
Alternatively upload the app manually via `Enonic console -> <My solution> -> Applications -> Install`.
+
The app file is in your project folder i.e. `build/libs/<myproject>.jar`.
+
. **Expose your API** by creating a Route: `Enonic console -> <My solution> -> Routes -> Create`.
+
Give it a suitable name i.e. `Movie DB API`, and use the following values:
+
* Internal path: `/site/moviedb/master`
* Public path: `/api`
* ID provider: leave empty
+
. Tadaa! Your published content can now be queried directly on the URL created by this route.

== Dive deeper

🎉 Sweet! You made it to the end. 

In the process, you built and customized your own app, installed apps from Enonic Market, ran queries, got to know the Enonic CLI and our hosted offerings.

> As you may imagine, the platform is capable of so much more. Did you for instance know Enonic has a https://developer.enonic.com/docs/xp/stable/framework^[JavaScript framework], will full https://www.npmjs.com/org/enonic-types^[typescript coverage]. Use it in your apps to extend and customize the platform as you like.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As you may imagine, the Platform is capable of so much more. Did you for instance know Enonic has a https://developer.enonic.com/docs/xp/stable/framework[JavaScript framework^] with a complete set of https://www.npmjs.com/org/enonic-types[Typescript definitions^]? Use it in your apps to extend and customize the Platform as you like.
```

Author: Samme her ^ må være på lenken?

Author: Dæng - du har rett, jeg har feil

> To continue the journey, we recommend visiting the https://developer.enonic.com/docs/tutorials^[Enonic tutorials] section of the developer portal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To continue the journey, we recommend visiting the https://developer.enonic.com/docs/tutorials[Enonic tutorials^] section of the developer portal.
```

Author: Dette er vel feil? ^må være på slutten av lenken, ikke i teksten?
